1,Dunkin Donuts (Dream State),You appear to be in a Dunkin Donuts enjoying a morning coffee with your best friend Billy. You look around but cannot seem to remember how you got here. An employee approaches your table with a warm smile then walks directly up and takes a bite out of Billy's neck. He falls to the ground. You jump up and try to grab the employee to pull her off of your friend.,0,2,0,0,You notice that you are the only three people in the building. Wasn't this a crowded room before?
2,Dunkin Donuts,You wake up and realize it was just a dream. You look around to see shattered windows and dried blood stains on the menu boards. What happened here? Where is Billy?,0,0,3,0,
3,Webster Ave.,You step outside to an empty stretch of cracked pavement. No one in sight. You are not quite sure what is happening but you see a police station in the distance. Maybe we should head there?,2,4,6,8,Oh wow there are some bolt cutters! That could be helpful.
4,BP Station,It appears to be empty despite the many cars that are here. Are all of them abandoned? You see gasoline soaking the ground with hoses dangling from the pump. Looking inside you see that the store has been ransacked. Maybe you should look closer to see if you can find something worth keeping.,0,5,0,3,You find a hot dog and notice a car battery tucked under one of the pumps. That could be useful.
5,Zoo,There are no animals in sight only empty cages. There appears to be remains of an animal that was mostly eaten or are those human remains?,0,0,0,4,
6,Police Station,Barricades that were sloppily partially bar the entrance. Bullet casings litter the ground. A war took place here. You peek inside to see desks overturned and documents littered all over the ground. Maybe you should look around to find any clues as to what happened or at least find something to protect yourself.,3,0,7,0,You find a police riot helmet on the ground. There appears to be a locked locker nearby.
7,Cells,You look into the cell to see a singular man standing with his back turned to you looking down at the ravaged bodies beneath him. He turns around to look you in the eyes blood staining his mouth and face. Wait is that Billy?,6,0,0,0,Oh is that... Billy? You notice a silver locket around his neck. You can attack or give him an item from your inventory.
8,South Main Street,Stores boarded up and abandoned. Cars left with their doors open in the middle of the street. There is an eerie silence plaguing this entire street.,9,3,0,14,You spot an electric scooter propped against a storefront. If only it had a battery.
9,Decatur Ave.,A side street with a few businesses that do not look completely ransacked. Maybe you should check them out for anything that could help.,10,0,11,8,
10,Motel,The silence of the street is broken by the flickering neon sign buzzing from the Motel. Some rooms have been left open but much of the Motel looks untouched. I wonder if I can find the keys at the front desk.,0,12,9,0,
11,Parking Garage,A parking garage with cars bumper to bumper. Blood stains the windows of several of the cars with the victims remains sealed inside. Many people must have been trapped here during whatever happened. Maybe you can look around for something useful?,9,13,0,0,You find a keycard on the seat of one of the cars. It might open something nearby.
12,Pharmacy,An empty pharmacy that is mostly untouched. You see the medicine behind the counter scattered all over the floor. You wonder if there is anything of use here?,0,0,9,10,You find a medical cabinet with a slot for a keycard.
13,Apartments,A long dark hallway of doors shut on both sides. The floor is covered in trash and loose items from the neighboring rooms. While there is no noise you can sense the danger of this hallway. Do you still want to look around?,9,0,0,11,You spot a red dot sight wedged under a door. There is also a Glock and a pair of blue jeans nearby.
14,Main Street,Once the heart of the city now a graveyard of vehicles. Buses overturned and cars abandoned. Complete mayhem took place here.,19,15,0,8,You notice a Ka-Bar utility knife on the ground near an overturned car.
15,Hull Ave.,A narrow dead-ended street that once contained small businesses. This would be a horrible place to be ambushed. You feel unsafe looking down this street.,14,0,16,0,
16,Back Alley,You hear crunching as you walk over the broken glass surrounding the dumpsters in the alley.,15,0,0,17,
17,Record Store,Vinyl records scattered all over the floor covered in glass from the broken window.,15,16,0,18,You find a pizza and a button up black shirt behind the counter.
18,Corner Store,Looking from the outside you can see that it has been partially looted but there is still plenty remaining in the store. You are greeted by the warm jingle of the bell when you open the door.,15,17,0,0,You find a double barrel shotgun under the counter.
19,North Main Street,As you walk up the street you find a man-made barricade surrounded by bodies. This appears to be where someone made their last stand.,25,20,14,0,You notice an Ops Core Fast SF helmet on one of the corpses near the barricade.
20,E. 240th Street,A long street with many residential windows looking down on you. You feel watched as you walk through. Is there another human being around here?,0,22,21,19,
21,Dominos Pizza,Flies buzzing around the abandoned pizzas and corpses that rest in front of the counter. It feels like you were just here the other day ordering a pizza with your friends.,20,22,0,0,You notice a police badge on the floor near the counter.
22,United States Postal Service,Undelivered mail crunches under your feet as you step into the postal office. Maybe you can find some helpful items that never made it to their destinations. Unfortunately there does not seem to be anything of use here.,20,23,0,21,Unfortunately there does not seem to be anything of use here.
23,Supermarket,The sliding doors at the front entrance are continuously opening and closing partially blocked by the remnants of the once living. You step inside. This place looks dangerous but surely there is some shelf stable food in here.,20,24,0,22,
24,Childcare Center,As you peer into the glass door entrance you cannot help but hope there were no children left inside.,20,0,0,23,
25,Bainbridge Ave.,You round the corner of Bainbridge and see a medical facility in the distance. I wonder if there is anything useful there.,0,26,19,0,
26,CVS,You look through the broken glass to see pill bottles scattered everywhere and empty shelves. This place looks like it was heavily looted.,25,0,27,29,It appears that there is nothing for you here. Everything has been taken. Or wait... is that a backroom?
27,Backroom,You push through the door and find yourself in a very tight dark room. You turn on the light to see boxes stacked to the ceiling all along the back walls. There is a desk with a locked drawer.,26,0,0,0,
28,City Park,A cool breeze hits your face and a moment of peace washes over you. You remember spending a lot of time here enjoying calm afternoons in the sun.,25,29,0,30,There appears to be something etched into a bench... 999?
29,Bank,The pristine marble flooring almost makes the bank look untouched from the outside world if not for all the smashed teller stations. This must have been the result of early looting. Can not say that money does anyone any good now.,25,26,0,28,You find a Vortex Strike Eagle scope attachment near one of the broken teller stations.
30,Medical Facility,You can sense death from outside of the building. The smell of antiseptic and bleach barely covers the smell of rot. You can hear a faint noise a heart monitor flatlining in the distance. Hopefully that is not foreshadowing.,0,0,0,0,